MaidSafe Contributor Agreement version 1.01.    Scope of this AgreementThis MaidSafe Contributor Agreement ("MCA") applies to any contribution (as defined below) that youmake to any software or other product or project managed by us (the "project"), and sets out theintellectual property rights you assign and grant to us in the contributed materials.  The term "us"shall mean MaidSafe.net Limited.  The term "you" shall mean the person or entity identified below.2.    AcceptanceYou should read this agreement carefully before posting any contributions (as defined below) to theproject.  Your posting of any contribution to this project will be deemed to constitute acceptanceof the terms of this MCA.  This MCA is a binding legal agreement between you and us.3.    Intellectual property rightsThe term "contributions" or "contributed materials" means any source code, object code, patch, tool,sample, graphic, specification, manual, documentation, or any other material posted or submitted byyou to the project.The term "intellectual property rights" means any patents, rights to inventions, copyrights andsimilar rights, rights in know-how and all other intellectual property rights anywhere in the worldfor the full term of those rights including all registrations and applications and the right toapply for registrations.In relation to intellectual property rights in your contributions:*     you hereby assign to us with full title guarantee all the intellectual property rights      (existing and future) in your contributions (the "rights"), and we hereby grant to you a      perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, no-charge, royalty-free, unrestricted      license to use the rights for any purpose.  To the extent that such assignment is or becomes      invalid, ineffective or unenforceable, you hereby grant to us a perpetual, irrevocable,      non-exclusive, worldwide, no-charge, royalty-free, unrestricted license to use the rights for      any purpose (including, at our option, the right to sublicense these same rights to third      parties through multiple levels of sublicensees or other licensing arrangements.*     you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive all moral rights which you may have in your      contributions in whatever part of the world such rights may be enforceable;*     you agree to, without charge, execute and do all such acts, documents, matters and things as      may be necessary or reasonably required to obtain patent, copyright or other protection for      any of your contributions (or software in which they are included) or improvements or      developments to them and to vest title to the intellectual property rights in them in us and      you irrevocably appoint us to be your attorney and in your name and on your behalf to execute      and do any such acts described above for the same purpose if needed; and*     you agree that neither of us has any duty to consult with, obtain the consent of, pay or      render an accounting to the other for any use or distribution of your contribution.This MCA is effective on the date you first submitted a contribution to us.  Any contribution wemake available under any license will also be made available under a suitable FSF (Free SoftwareFoundation) or OSI (Open Source Initiative) approved license.You covenant, represent, warrant and agree that:*     each contribution that you submit (1) is and shall be an original work of authorship and you      can legally assign and grant the rights set out in this MCA, and (2) does not include any      third party code or other materials;*     no contribution will violate any third party's intellectual property rights; and*     each contribution shall be in compliance with (and will not need a licence or permission      under) applicable export or import laws.You agree to notify us if you become aware of any circumstance which would make any of the foregoingrepresentations inaccurate in any respect.  MaidSafe may publicly disclose your participation in theproject, including the fact that you have signed the MCA.Any notice or other written communication to be given under or in connection with this agreementshall be in writing, no term shall be varied by statement, conduct or act of any party except thatthe parties may amend this agreement only by letter or written instrument signed by both parties.This agreement sets out the entire agreement and understanding between the parties relating to yourcontributions.This MCA is governed by Scottish law and subject to the jurisdiction of the Scottish courts savethat we or you may bring action in other courts to the extent necessary to protect or enforce ourintellectual property rights.